Add documentation for new rootless password rotation workflow for DB Static Roles (#28374)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/secret/databases/postgresql.mdx

- `password` `(string: "")` - The root credential password used in the connection URL.

- `self_managed` `(boolean: "false")` - <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline /> If
  set, allows onboarding static roles with a rootless connection configuration. Mutually

>   exclusive with `username` and `password`.

Reviewer: I can't remember exactly what the implementation does when we set `verify_connection=true`. Is it also mutually exclusive? If not should we say something here about that behavior? Something like "If true, will override verify_connection"?

Author: Good point, at present it is not mutually exclusive and `verify_connection` is overridden under the hood. Will add a note on the override behavior, thanks!

> - `self_managed` `(boolean: "false")` - <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline /> If
>   set, allows onboarding static roles with a rootless connection configuration. Mutually
>   exclusive with `username` and `password`. Will override `verify_connection` if set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `self_managed` `(boolean: "false")` - <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline /> If
  set, allows onboarding static roles with a rootless connection configuration. Mutually
  exclusive with `username` and `password`. If set, will force `verify_connection` to be false.
```
